Prepare documentation for v.0.11 of MeiliSearch (#379)
meilisearch/documentation: guides/advanced_guides/search_parameters.md

        "Mystery",
        "Thriller",
        "Horror"
      ],
      "overview": "Chris and his girlfriend Rose go upstate to visit her parents for the weekend. At first, Chris reads the family's overly accommodating behavior as nervous attempts to deal with their daughter's interracial relationship, but as the weekend progresses, a series of increasingly disturbing discoveries lead him to a truth that he never could have imagined.",
    }
  ],
  ...
  "query": "thriller"
}
```

## The facets distribution

If you have [set up faceted attributes](/guides/advanced_guides/settings.md#attributes-for-faceting), you can retrieve the count of matching terms for each [facets](/guides/advanced_guides/faceted_search.md).

`facetsDistribution=[<facetName>, <facetName>, ...]`

This attribute can take two values:

- `[<facetName>, <facetName>, ...]` (Array of strings)

  An array of strings that contains the facets for which to retrieve the matching count. The number of remaining candidates for each specified facet is returned.
  If a facet name doesn't exist, it will be ignored.

- `"*"`

  The `*` character can also be used. In that case, a count for all facets is returned.

> [Learn more about `facetsDistribution` in the search parameters](/guides/advanced_guides/search_parameters.md#the-facets-distribution)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Learn more about faceted search in the dedicated guide](/guides/advanced_guides/faceted_search.md)
```

> [Learn more about `facetsDistribution` in the search parameters](/guides/advanced_guides/search_parameters.md#the-facets-distribution)

Author: I'm resolving this because there is a duplicate in the same category.

### Returned fields

If the `facetsDistribution` parameter has been set, the returned results will contain **two additional fields**:

- `facetsDistribution`: The number of remaining candidates for each specified facet.

- `exhaustiveFacetsCount`:
  Returns `true` if the count in each facet value is **exhaustive** (exact count for each facet value).
  Otherwise, returns `false` if this count is **approximative** (approximative count for each facet value).
  The approximative facet count happens when there are too many documents in too many different facet values. In which case, MeiliSearch stops the distribution count to prevent considerably slowing down the request.

> [Learn more about facet distribution in the dedicated guide](/guides/advanced_guides/faceted_search.md)

Author: This is the facet distribution category but there was a duplicate in links. I removed one of them.

<code-samples id="search_parameter_guide_filter_1" />

```json
{
  "id": "569367",
  "title": "Nightshift",
  "poster": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w1280/peOeFl8ZTBTCERz5XQZAjYbXYsQ.jpg",
  "overview": "Amy begins her first night shift in a hotel with a murderous past. Witnessing terrifying events and trapped within a loop, Amy must find a way to escape the flesh obsessed murderer and save residents of the hotel.",
  "release_date": 1536282000
}
```

The parameter should be **URL-encoded**.

<code-samples id="search_parameter_guide_filter_2" />

## Facet filters

If you have [set up faceted attributes](/guides/advanced_guides/settings.md#attributes-for-faceting), you can filter on [facets](/guides/advanced_guides/faceted_search.md) to narrow down your results based on criteria.

`facetFilters=["facetName:facetValue"]` or `facetFilters=[["facetName:facetValue"]]`
or a mix of both `facetFilters=["facetName1:facetValue1", ["facetName2:facetValue2"]]`

- `["facetName1:facetValue1", ["facetName2:facetValue2"]]` (Array of array of strings or single strings, defaults to `null`)

  Both types of array contain the facet names and values to filter on.

>   A valid array must be an array which contains either a list of strings or arrays of strings and can mix both (e.g. `["director:Mati Diop", ["genre:Comedy", "genre:Romance"]]`).

Reviewer 2: which  is for non-defining clause, when it is essential, use that (https://www.grammarly.com/blog/which-vs-that/)
```suggestion
  A valid array must be an array that contains either a list of strings or arrays of strings and can mix both (e.g. `["director:Mati Diop", ["genre:Comedy", "genre:Romance"]]`).
```

Author: great info thanks
